#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
django==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
emoji==2.12.1
    # via unstructured
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fake-useragent==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchainhub==0.1.18
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.1.77
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.2.2
    # via unstructured
markdown==3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
nltk==3.8.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
openai==1.33.0
    # via langchain-openai
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.4
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   unstructured-client
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via unstructured-client
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
rapidfuzz==3.9.3
    # via unstructured
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via unstructured-client
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   openai
types-requests==2.32.0.20240602
    # via langchainhub
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   emoji
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
unstructured==0.14.5
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.23.3
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
    #   unstructured-client
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
